1 what is web browser?

web browser is a software program that allows you to access and view information.

example:1- safari
    2-firefox
    3-chrome
    4-edge
    5-opera



2 what is web server?

web servers stored information of source on web clouds there we uesd web srever.

example: 1-google
        2-amezon
        3-go daddy
        4-scalahost
        5-hostinger



3-whta is website?

website is a collection of webpages i.e. called website
or
website is collection of information i.e. called website
example: http://www.flipkart.com
        http://www.amazon.in

types of website:
1-static website

A website is called static website where we can not chnged or update after create a website.
ex.:

2-dynamic website
A website is called dynamic website where we can changed or update after crete a website.
ex.:



4-what is url?
 URL stands for universal resource locator.
 types of URL:

 1-absolute url
 ex.:home page

 2-relative url
 ex.:web page

 3-hypertext url
 ex.:open link
 <a href="       >tops tecnology</a>



6-whta is www?

www stands for world wide web.
www is used to access any content in internet there we used www.

ex.:



7-what is w3c?

w3c stands for world wibe web consortium
w3c is an organization.
w3c is decided which tag is depricated or not in html.

ex.:<cenetr>
    <blink>



8-what is seo?

 seo stands for search engine optimization.
 seo is organic(free)
 seo is used to rank inside of google in top 10 results.
  1- sort tel keyword
    ex.: flipkart
  2-long tel keyword 
    ex.:i want purchase shoes



8-what is protocol?

protocol is set a rules in website
types of protocol:

secured website(https)
not secured ebsite(http)



10-what is website hosting?

website hosting is a service that allows users to store their websie files on server,making the website accesssible on the internet.

ex.:shared hosting 
    dedicated hosting



11- what is xampp, wamp or lamp?

xampp is a open source software package that provides a local web server environment for testing and developing web application.

wamp(window, apache, MySQL, php) is a software stack that allows developers to create a local web server environment in windows computers.

A lamp is a device that produces light or heat, typically using electricity and a lightbulb, or by burning an inflammable liquid with a wick.(linux, apache,mysql, php)



12-what is github?

github is a web based platform primarily used for storing and sharing code, particularly for software projects.



13-what is google business manager?

Google business profile manager, formerly known as Google My Businesses manage their online presence on Google search and maps.



14-what is LAN, WAN or MAN?

LAN stands for local area network. It is a computer network that connects devices within a limited area such as a home, pffice or building. 

WAN stands for wide area network. It is a telecommunications network that extends over a large geographic area.

MAN stands for metropolitan area network. It is a commputer network that connects devices within a city ir a similar large geographic area.